You've been selected for this training because you're advancing to an elite level.
Gold certified technicians are rare. There are only a handful worldwide who achieve this
distinction. You represent years of experience, extensive training, and deep expertise with
Porsche vehicles. But here's what's changing. Porsche customers increasingly want direct
access to you. They request command performance us. They want to speak with the technician
who actually worked on their car. They want expert explanations, professional communication,
and the complete Porsche experience that matches what they paid for.
Your technical skills got you here. This training ensures your communication skills
match that expertise. Over the next 12 modules, you'll develop the tools to confidently handle
any customer interaction, from routine conversations to challenging situations.
Let's begin by understanding exactly what it means to be a brand ambassador.